EC-84: Revise Cache, Catalog and Checkout sections (#3)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/checkout/checkout_features/order/local_order_process_with_invoice_in_pdf.md

    prefix: 'RE'
```

In `EshopBundle/Resources/config/silver.eshop.yml`:

``` yaml
#ShopID that is stored in the database
siso_core.default.shop_id: 'MAIN'
```

> ## Generating invoice PDF and sending it by mail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generating invoice PDF and sending it by email
```

At the end of the process the invoice with all the required information is created and stored in the database.
The invoice is in PDF format, and is sent also as attachment by email.

To generate the PDF a tool called [`wkhtmltopdf`](http://wkhtmltopdf.org) is used,

> so this tool has to be installed on the server, usinge the last stable version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this tool has to be installed on the server, usinge the last stable version.
```

The first part of name of the PDF is translatable (`common.invoice_`) and the second part consist of a prefix and the invoice number.

For an example of a generated PDF see [invoice_RE10000.pdf](../../../img/invoice_RE10000.pdf).

Once the PDF is generated and the order is stored in the database it is attached to the email that is sent after the order confirmation.

### Send emails with attachments

The PDF is attached to the email generated in the order process.

> And additional to the standard email process it sends also another email to the owner of the shop. This shop owner is defined as a parameter in the configuration (defined per SiteAccess).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, the system sends copy of the email to the owner of the shop. The shop owner is defined as a parameter in the configuration (defined per SiteAccess).
```

### Emails

All these emails are based on the standard order confirmation email templates:
`SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Checkout/Email:order_confirmation.txt.twig` and `SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Checkout/Email:order_confirmation.html.twig`

#### Buyer

> See [Email of an email with invoice attached](../../../img/local_order_1.eml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [email with attached invoice](../../../img/local_order_1.eml).
```

#### Owner of the shop

Owner of the shop also receives a copy of the email that is sent to the buyer.
A special message and subject are set for it.

- `shop_owner_mail_subject` (Set in the email configuration)
- `email_shop_owner_intro_text` (TextModule inside the backend)

> This applis when the variable `is_shop_owner` is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This applies when the variable `is_shop_owner` is set to true.
```
